Update the app registry service description (#647)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/app-registry.adoc

= App-Registry Service Configuration
:toc: right
:description: The Infinite Scale App-Registry service is the single point where all apps register themselves and their respective supported mime types.

:service_name: app-registry

== Introduction

{description}

Administrators can set default applications on a per mime type basis and also allow the creation of new files for certain mime types. This per mime type configuration also features a description, file extension option and an icon.

== Default Values

* App-Registry listens on port 9240 by default.

> == Mime Type Configuration / Creation Allow List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== MIME Type Configuration / Creation Allow List
```

> The apps will register their supported mime types automatically, so that users can open supported files with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The apps will register their supported MIME types automatically, so that users can open supported files with them.
```

> Administrators can set default applications on a per mime type basis and also allow the creation of new files for certain mime types. This, per mime type configuration, also features a description, file extension option and an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can set default applications for each MIME type and also allow the creation of new files for certain mime types. This, per MIME type configuration, also features a description, file extension option and an icon.
```

> === Mime Type Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== MIME Type Configuration
```

> In order to modify the mime type config, you need to set `STORAGE_APP_REGISTRY_MIMETYPES_JSON` environment variable to a valid JSON file with content like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to modify the MIME type config, you need to set `STORAGE_APP_REGISTRY_MIMETYPES_JSON` environment variable to a valid JSON file with content like this:
```

[source.json]
----
[
  {
    "mime_type": "application/vnd.oasis.opendocument.text",
    "extension": "odt",
    "name": "OpenDocument",
    "description": "OpenDocument text document",
    "icon": "https://some-website.test/opendocument-text-icon.png",
    "default_app": "Collabora",
    "allow_creation": true
  },
  {
    "mime_type": "application/vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet",
    "extension": "ods",
    "name": "OpenSpreadsheet",
    "description": "OpenDocument spreadsheet document",
    "icon": "",
    "default_app": "Collabora",
    "allow_creation": false
  }
]
----

Fields::
+
--
* `mime_type` +

> The mime type you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MIME type you want to configure.
```

* `extension` +
The file extension to be used for new files.
* `name` +

> The name of the file / mime type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the file / MIME type.
```

* `description` +

> The human-readable description of the file / mime type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The human-readable description of the file / MIME type.
```

* `icon` +

> The URL to an icon which should be used for that mime type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL to an icon which should be used for that MIME type.
```

* `default_app` +

> The name of the default app which opens this mime type when the user doesn’t specify one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the default app which opens this MIME type if the user doesn’t specify one.
```

* `allow_creation` +

> Whether a user should be able to create new file from that mime type (true or false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether a user should be able to create new files of that MIME type (true or false).
```

--

== App Drivers

App drivers represent apps if the app is not able to register itself. Currently there is only the CS3org WOPI server app driver.

=== CS3org WOPI Server App Driver

> The CS3org WOPI server app driver is included in Infinite Scale by default. It needs at least one WOPI compliant app like Collabora, OnlyOffice or the Microsoft Online Server or a CS3org WOPI bridge supported app like CodiMD or Etherpad and the CS3org WOPI server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CS3org WOPI server app driver is included in Infinite Scale by default. It needs at least one WOPI-compliant app like Collabora, OnlyOffice or the Microsoft Online Server or a CS3org WOPI bridge supported app like CodiMD or Etherpad and the CS3org WOPI server.
```
